<div>#Inga Rudzinskaite</div><div></div><div>![C:\Users\User\Desktop\rsschool-cv]</div><div></div><div>*Phone* +370 67 52 8686</div><div>*Email* Inga.Rudzinskaite@yahoo.com</div><div>##**Summary**</div><div>- Driven by idea to optimize proceses: started working with real estate valuation process.</div><div>- Processed working with bank operations.</div><div>* Leading to getting to know AutoIt and starting JavaScript online courses.</div><div></div><div>##**Skills**</div><div>- Flexible and willing to take ownership.</div><div>- Ability to process complex tasks.</div><div>- Willingness to learn and improve.</div><div></div><div>##**Experience**</div><div>- Testing scripts written using AutoIt.</div><div>- Adding new functionalities to already written scripts using AutoIt.</div><div></div><div>##**Education**</div><div>***Vilnius Gediminas Technical University***</div><div>2006–2008 - Master of Construction Engineering (Construction Management Program)</div><div>2002–2006  - Bachelor of Management and  Business Administration (Real Estate Management Program)</div><div></div><div>##**English**</div><div>Using it on daily basis as it is main language in current work place.</div>


<div>#Inga Rudzinskaite</div><div></div><div>![C:\Users\User\Desktop\rsschool-cv]</div><div></div><div>*Phone* +370 67 52 8686</div><div>*Email* Inga.Rudzinskaite@yahoo.com</div><div>##**Summary**</div><div>- Driven by idea to optimize proceses: started working with real estate valuation process.</div><div>- Processed working with bank operations.</div><div>* Leading to getting to know AutoIt and starting JavaScript online courses.</div><div></div><div>##**Skills**</div><div>- Flexible and willing to take ownership.</div><div>- Ability to process complex tasks.</div><div>- Willingness to learn and improve.</div><div></div><div>##**Experience**</div><div>- Testing scripts written using AutoIt.</div><div>- Adding new functionalities to already written scripts using AutoIt.</div><div></div><div>##**Education**</div><div>***Vilnius Gediminas Technical University***</div><div>2006-2008 - Master of Construction Engineering (Construction Management Program)</div><div>2002-2006  - Bachelor of Management and  Business Administration (Real Estate Management Program)</div><div></div><div>##**English**</div><div>Using it on daily basis as it is main language in current work place.</div>
